this is a eight bone rack of deer the there's
a term venison that's all-encompassing that
includes deer, elk, caribou, moose for this one you
could see looking at the two eye this one is quite
round and large this is the loin end this one has
a flap this is the shoulder end underneath this
flap is the actual rack with the bone attached
so what I'm going to do is remove this
flap of meat or fat and then
remove some of the silver skin
so removing the rib cap is doesn't require a
lot of knife work but a little bit if there's
a slight resistance so I'm just pulling it
from the bone side and you can see there's a
little bit of webbing and with little easy
strokes of your knife it should give way
careful not to damage the actual meat
this can be further this
rib cap which i'll show you in a moment can be
further butchered and trimmed rather
as you can see all the excess meat and
this could be ground for sausage or burgers
so that's the rib cap